ltac2val:() quotation in ltac1 to return Ltac1.t values (#17575)
coq/coq: doc/changelog/06-Ltac2-language/17575-ltac2in1.rst

- **Added:**

>   Ltac2 quotations `ltac2val:(ltac2 tactic)` in Ltac1 producing a Ltac1 value

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Ltac2 quotations `ltac2val:(ltac2 tactic)` in Ltac1 that produce an Ltac1 value
```

Perhaps define a hyperlink to ltac2.rst:1827 with `.. _XXX:` and use ```:ref:`ltac2val:(ltac2 tactic) <XXX>` ``` here.  (Pick a good name.)
